chore: move unused modules (#79)
defi-wonderland/prophet-modules: solidity/contracts/examples/README.md

> [!CAUTION]
> Do not use the contracts in the example folder for production.

> The contracts included in the examples folder have not been thoroughly tested nor audited. This are meant to use as example or inspiration for new modules. Do not use them in a production environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The contracts included in the examples folder have not been thoroughly tested nor audited. These are meant to be used as examples or inspiration for new modules. Do not use them in a production environment.
```

Or copy and paste the caution message used in the docs.
